README.md, before:

# 🌙 Hi there, I'm Sonali! 👋  
### *Full-Stack Learner | Cloud Enthusiast | ML Explorer*

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=Sonali6081&theme=algolia&no-frame=true&margin-w=10" />
</p>

---

## 🧑‍💻 About Me
- 🎓 B.Tech CSE student at **Vellore Institute of Technology**  
- 💻 Passionate about **Web Development, Machine Learning, and Cloud Computing**  
- 🌱 Currently learning **MERN Stack,AWS**  
- 🚀 I love building clean, modern, and impactful applications  
- ✨ Always learning and exploring new technologies  

---

## 🛠️ Tech Stack

### **Languages**
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-0d1117?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54)
![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/Java-0d1117?style=for-the-badge&logo=openjdk&logoColor=white)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-0d1117?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=f7df1e)
![SQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/SQL-0d1117?style=for-the-badge&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white)

### **Frontend**
![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-0d1117?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=61DAFB)
![HTML](https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML5-0d1117?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=E34F26)
![CSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS3-0d1117?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=1572B6)


### **Cloud**
![AWS](https://img.shields.io/badge/AWS-0d1117?style=for-the-badge&logo=amazonaws&logoColor=FF9900)

---

## 🔥 Featured Projects

### 🔹 Sorting Visualizer  
📌 Built using React.js  
🎯 Visualizes Bubble, Selection, Insertion & Merge Sort  
🔗 *https://github.com/Sonali6081/PROJECT-Sorting-Visualizer* 

---

### 🔹 Hate Speech Recognition  
📌 TensorFlow + BERT text classification model  
🎯 Detects toxic & hate content   

---

## 📊 GitHub Stats

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=Sonali6081&show_icons=true&theme=algolia" height="160" />
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=Sonali6081&layout=compact&theme=algolia" height="160" />
</p>

---

## 🌐 Connect With Me

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/sonali-kumari-b90643251"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0d1117?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=0A66C2"></a>
  <a href="https://github.com/Sonali6081"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-0d1117?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white"></a>
</p>

---

## ✨ Fun Fact
I love improving myself every day — consistency n determination is my superpower.

Commit message:

Update README with Myntra Clone project
Added Myntra Clone project details to README.

README.md, after:

# 🌙 Hi there, I'm Sonali! 👋  
### *Full-Stack Learner | Cloud Enthusiast | ML Explorer*

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=Sonali6081&theme=algolia&no-frame=true&margin-w=10" />
</p>

---

## 🧑‍💻 About Me
- 🎓 B.Tech CSE student at **Vellore Institute of Technology**  
- 💻 Passionate about **Web Development, Machine Learning, and Cloud Computing**  
- 🌱 Currently learning **MERN Stack,AWS**  
- 🚀 I love building clean, modern, and impactful applications  
- ✨ Always learning and exploring new technologies  

---

## 🛠️ Tech Stack

### **Languages**
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-0d1117?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54)
![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/Java-0d1117?style=for-the-badge&logo=openjdk&logoColor=white)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-0d1117?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=f7df1e)
![SQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/SQL-0d1117?style=for-the-badge&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white)

### **Frontend**
![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-0d1117?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=61DAFB)
![HTML](https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML5-0d1117?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=E34F26)
![CSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS3-0d1117?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=1572B6)


### **Cloud**
![AWS](https://img.shields.io/badge/AWS-0d1117?style=for-the-badge&logo=amazonaws&logoColor=FF9900)

---

## 🔥 Featured Projects

### 🔹 Sorting Visualizer  
📌 Built using React.js | HTML, CSS, JS 
🎯 Visualizes Bubble, Selection, Insertion & Merge Sort  
🔗 *https://github.com/Sonali6081/PROJECT-Sorting-Visualizer* 

---

### 🔹 Myntra Clone  
📌 Built using   HTML CSS JS
🎯 In this i have tried to make a look like clone of Myntra website.  
🔗 *https://b183bdca-67ff-4592-91c7-6a46dacd7dcd-00-2orugryg4xljo.sisko.replit.dev/*
🔗 *https://sonali6081.github.io/Myntra-Clone/* 

---

### 🔹 Hate Speech Recognition  
📌 TensorFlow + BERT text classification model  
🎯 Detects toxic & hate content   

---

## 📊 GitHub Stats

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=Sonali6081&show_icons=true&theme=algolia" height="160" />
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=Sonali6081&layout=compact&theme=algolia" height="160" />
</p>

---

## 🌐 Connect With Me

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/sonali-kumari-b90643251"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0d1117?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=0A66C2"></a>
  <a href="https://github.com/Sonali6081"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-0d1117?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white"></a>
</p>

---

## ✨ Fun Fact
I love improving myself every day — consistency n determination is my superpower.
